ava called hugo.hugo picked up the call from ava.
ava called ivan.ivan answered and thanked ava.
ava called luca.luca answered the call from ava.
ava called nina.nina answered and thanked ava.
ava gave finn a pen.finn thanked ava.
ava gave leo a letter.the person who received the letter was leo.
ava gave maya a coat.the person who received the coat was maya.
ava gave nina a ring.the person who gave the ring was ava.
ava gave noah a ball.the person who gave the ball was ava.
ava gave nora a ring.the person who received the ring was nora.
ava handed a lamp to sara.the person who received the lamp was sara.
ava handed a map to eli.eli thanked ava.
ava handed a map to zoe.zoe thanked ava.
ava handed a pen to lily.lily thanked ava.
ava handed a pencil to luca.the person who received the pencil was luca.
ava handed a toy to hugo.hugo thanked ava.
ava lent a coat to theo.theo thanked ava.
ava lent a map to emma.emma thanked ava.
ava lent a ring to omar.the person who received the ring was omar.
ava phoned finn.finn answered the call from ava.
ava phoned noah.noah answered the call from ava.
ava sent a book to rosa.rosa thanked ava.
ava sent a card to mia.mia thanked ava.
ava sent a pen to ivan.ivan thanked ava.
ava sent a phone to ella.ella thanked ava.
ava wrote to eli.eli answered the letter from ava.
ava wrote to nora.nora answered the letter from ava.
eli called ava.ava answered the call from eli.
eli called ella.ella answered and thanked eli.
eli called ivan.ivan answered the call from eli.
eli called luca.luca picked up the call from eli.
eli called maya.maya answered and thanked eli.
eli called nora.nora picked up the call from eli.
eli called sara.sara picked up the call from eli.
eli gave ava a note.the person who received the note was ava.
eli gave hugo a coin.the person who received the coin was hugo.
eli gave leo a pen.leo thanked eli.
eli gave lily a book.the person who gave the book was eli.
eli gave maya a gift.the person who gave the gift was eli.
eli gave mia a gift.mia thanked eli.
eli gave noah a card.the person who gave the card was eli.
eli gave rosa a brush.the person who received the brush was rosa.
eli gave sara a coin.the person who gave the coin was eli.
eli handed a ball to luca.the person who received the ball was luca.
eli handed a ball to omar.omar thanked eli.
eli handed a cup to theo.theo thanked eli.
eli handed a note to ella.the person who received the note was ella.
eli handed a pencil to ivan.ivan thanked eli.
eli handed a pencil to nora.the person who received the pencil was nora.
eli phoned rosa.rosa answered the call from eli.
eli sent a ball to nina.nina thanked eli.
eli sent a ball to zoe.zoe thanked eli.
eli sent a pen to finn.finn thanked eli.
eli sent a toy to emma.emma thanked eli.
eli wrote to zoe.zoe answered the letter from eli.
ella called emma.emma picked up the call from ella.
ella called lily.lily answered the call from ella.
ella called maya.maya answered and thanked ella.
ella called nora.nora answered the call from ella.
ella gave ava a ring.ava thanked ella.
ella gave emma a gift.the person who received the gift was emma.
ella gave finn a toy.the person who received the toy was finn.
ella gave lily a note.the person who received the note was lily.
ella gave luca a book.luca thanked ella.
ella gave mia a book.the person who received the book was mia.
ella gave noah a map.the person who received the map was noah.
ella gave nora a map.the person who received the map was nora.
ella gave omar a letter.omar thanked ella.
ella gave zoe a phone.zoe thanked ella.
ella handed a lamp to ivan.the person who received the lamp was ivan.
ella handed a ring to sara.the person who received the ring was sara.
ella lent a book to nina.nina thanked ella.
ella lent a card to hugo.the person who received the card was hugo.
ella lent a lamp to rosa.rosa thanked ella.
ella lent a letter to theo.the person who received the letter was theo.
ella lent a toy to leo.leo thanked ella.
ella phoned luca.luca answered the call from ella.
ella sent a letter to maya.maya thanked ella.
ella sent a pen to eli.eli thanked ella.
ella wrote to finn.finn answered the letter from ella.
ella wrote to rosa.rosa answered the letter from ella.
ella wrote to zoe.zoe answered the letter from ella.
emma called luca.luca picked up the call from emma.
emma called mia.mia answered and thanked emma.
emma called nina.nina picked up the call from emma.
emma called nora.nora answered the call from emma.
emma gave ava a map.ava thanked emma.
emma gave eli a hat.eli thanked emma.
emma gave finn a ball.the person who received the ball was finn.
emma gave ivan a hat.the person who received the hat was ivan.
emma gave leo a card.the person who gave the card was emma.
emma gave maya a ring.the person who received the ring was maya.
emma gave noah a gift.noah thanked emma.
emma gave nora a coin.the person who gave the coin was emma.
emma gave omar a key.the person who received the key was omar.
emma gave rosa a lamp.rosa thanked emma.
emma gave sara a ball.the person who received the ball was sara.
emma handed a bag to theo.the person who received the bag was theo.
emma handed a book to zoe.zoe thanked emma.
emma handed a coin to ella.the person who received the coin was ella.
emma handed a note to mia.the person who received the note was mia.
emma lent a bag to hugo.hugo thanked emma.
emma lent a card to luca.the person who received the card was luca.
emma lent a coat to lily.the person who received the coat was lily.
emma phoned ella.ella answered the call from emma.
emma phoned leo.leo answered the call from emma.
emma sent a gift to nina.nina thanked emma.
emma wrote to lily.lily answered the letter from emma.
emma wrote to maya.maya answered the letter from emma.
emma wrote to sara.sara answered the letter from emma.
finn called ava.ava picked up the call from finn.
finn called hugo.hugo picked up the call from finn.
finn called luca.luca answered the call from finn.
finn called theo.theo picked up the call from finn.
finn gave eli a gift.the person who received the gift was eli.
finn gave luca a brush.the person who gave the brush was finn.
finn gave nina a bag.the person who received the bag was nina.
finn gave zoe a phone.the person who received the phone was zoe.
finn handed a ball to hugo.the person who received the ball was hugo.
finn handed a coin to mia.mia thanked finn.
finn handed a gift to ava.the person who received the gift was ava.
finn handed a lamp to ella.ella thanked finn.
finn handed a lamp to leo.leo thanked finn.
finn handed a map to theo.theo thanked finn.
finn handed a ring to ivan.the person who received the ring was ivan.
finn lent a key to noah.the person who received the key was noah.
finn lent a letter to nora.the person who received the letter was nora.
finn lent a letter to sara.sara thanked finn.
finn lent a phone to omar.omar thanked finn.
finn lent a toy to lily.the person who received the toy was lily.
finn lent a toy to rosa.the person who received the toy was rosa.
finn phoned leo.leo answered the call from finn.
finn phoned nina.nina answered the call from finn.
finn sent a note to emma.emma thanked finn.
finn sent a phone to maya.maya thanked finn.
finn wrote to eli.eli answered the letter from finn.
finn wrote to lily.lily answered the letter from finn.
hugo called eli.eli picked up the call from hugo.
hugo called finn.finn picked up the call from hugo.
hugo called leo.leo picked up the call from hugo.
hugo called mia.mia answered the call from hugo.
hugo called nora.nora answered and thanked hugo.
hugo gave ava a key.the person who received the key was ava.
hugo gave ella a cup.ella thanked hugo.
hugo gave leo a pencil.the person who received the pencil was leo.
hugo gave mia a phone.the person who received the phone was mia.
hugo gave nina a pencil.the person who gave the pencil was hugo.
hugo gave noah a lamp.the person who received the lamp was noah.
hugo gave omar a lamp.omar thanked hugo.
hugo gave rosa a book.the person who received the book was rosa.
hugo gave theo a brush.the person who received the brush was theo.
hugo gave zoe a coat.the person who gave the coat was hugo.
hugo handed a coat to finn.the person who received the coat was finn.
hugo handed a coat to maya.maya thanked hugo.
hugo handed a pen to nora.the person who received the pen was nora.
hugo handed a pencil to ivan.ivan thanked hugo.
hugo lent a card to eli.eli thanked hugo.
hugo lent a coat to sara.the person who received the coat was sara.
hugo lent a ring to lily.lily thanked hugo.
hugo sent a brush to luca.luca thanked hugo.
hugo sent a coin to emma.emma thanked hugo.
hugo wrote to theo.theo answered the letter from hugo.
hugo wrote to zoe.zoe answered the letter from hugo.
ivan called maya.maya answered the call from ivan.
ivan called sara.sara answered and thanked ivan.
ivan called theo.theo answered and thanked ivan.
ivan gave ava a toy.the person who gave the toy was ivan.
ivan gave eli a phone.the person who received the phone was eli.
ivan gave ella a ball.the person who received the ball was ella.
ivan gave finn a coin.the person who gave the coin was ivan.
ivan gave hugo a letter.the person who gave the letter was ivan.
ivan gave leo a coat.the person who received the coat was leo.
ivan gave theo a brush.the person who received the brush was theo.
ivan gave zoe a brush.the person who gave the brush was ivan.
ivan handed a note to rosa.rosa thanked ivan.
ivan handed a toy to nora.nora thanked ivan.
ivan lent a bag to sara.the person who received the bag was sara.
ivan lent a ball to emma.the person who received the ball was emma.
ivan lent a card to noah.noah thanked ivan.
ivan lent a letter to luca.luca thanked ivan.
ivan lent a pen to lily.lily thanked ivan.
ivan lent a pencil to maya.maya thanked ivan.
ivan lent a ring to omar.the person who received the ring was omar.
ivan phoned finn.finn answered the call from ivan.
ivan phoned zoe.zoe answered the call from ivan.
ivan sent a card to mia.mia thanked ivan.
ivan sent a coat to nina.nina thanked ivan.
ivan wrote to leo.leo answered the letter from ivan.
leo called ava.ava answered and thanked leo.
leo called eli.eli answered and thanked leo.
leo called lily.lily answered and thanked leo.
leo called luca.luca answered and thanked leo.
leo called noah.noah answered and thanked leo.
leo called rosa.rosa answered and thanked leo.
leo called sara.sara answered and thanked leo.
leo gave finn a bag.finn thanked leo.
leo gave ivan a pen.the person who gave the pen was leo.
leo gave lily a bag.the person who gave the bag was leo.
leo gave nina a key.nina thanked leo.
leo gave omar a hat.the person who received the hat was omar.
leo gave sara a letter.the person who gave the letter was leo.
leo gave theo a pencil.the person who received the pencil was theo.
leo handed a coin to ella.the person who received the coin was ella.
leo handed a letter to maya.maya thanked leo.
leo handed a letter to rosa.the person who received the letter was rosa.
leo handed a note to noah.the person who received the note was noah.
leo handed a note to zoe.zoe thanked leo.
leo handed a pencil to emma.the person who received the pencil was emma.
leo lent a book to luca.the person who received the book was luca.
leo lent a letter to nora.the person who received the letter was nora.
leo lent a map to mia.mia thanked leo.
leo lent a pen to ava.the person who received the pen was ava.
leo sent a hat to hugo.hugo thanked leo.
leo sent a key to eli.eli thanked leo.
leo wrote to ivan.ivan answered the letter from leo.
lily called emma.emma answered the call from lily.
lily called ivan.ivan picked up the call from lily.
lily called leo.leo answered the call from lily.
lily called maya.maya answered and thanked lily.
lily called noah.noah answered the call from lily.
lily called nora.nora picked up the call from lily.
lily gave luca a key.the person who received the key was luca.
lily gave maya a toy.the person who gave the toy was lily.
lily gave theo a lamp.theo thanked lily.
lily handed a bag to omar.the person who received the bag was omar.
lily handed a ball to sara.the person who received the ball was sara.
lily handed a coat to noah.noah thanked lily.
lily handed a cup to mia.mia thanked lily.
lily handed a cup to zoe.the person who received the cup was zoe.
lily handed a gift to hugo.the person who received the gift was hugo.
lily handed a letter to emma.emma thanked lily.
lily lent a bag to nina.nina thanked lily.
lily lent a ball to ivan.the person who received the ball was ivan.
lily lent a card to ava.the person who received the card was ava.
lily lent a gift to ella.the person who received the gift was ella.
lily lent a hat to leo.the person who received the hat was leo.
lily lent a hat to rosa.the person who received the hat was rosa.
lily phoned luca.luca answered the call from lily.
lily phoned omar.omar answered the call from lily.
lily sent a coat to nora.nora thanked lily.
lily sent a hat to finn.finn thanked lily.
lily sent a map to eli.eli thanked lily.
lily wrote to mia.mia answered the letter from lily.
lily wrote to sara.sara answered the letter from lily.
luca called ella.ella answered the call from luca.
luca called finn.finn answered and thanked luca.
luca called hugo.hugo picked up the call from luca.
luca called omar.omar picked up the call from luca.
luca called zoe.zoe picked up the call from luca.
luca gave ella a gift.ella thanked luca.
luca gave maya a pencil.maya thanked luca.
luca gave noah a bag.the person who gave the bag was luca.
luca gave omar a toy.the person who received the toy was omar.
luca handed a hat to ava.ava thanked luca.
luca handed a hat to lily.lily thanked luca.
luca handed a key to zoe.zoe thanked luca.
luca handed a ring to nora.the person who received the ring was nora.
luca lent a brush to rosa.the person who received the brush was rosa.
luca lent a coin to mia.the person who received the coin was mia.
luca lent a gift to eli.eli thanked luca.
luca lent a hat to leo.the person who received the hat was leo.
luca lent a map to hugo.the person who received the map was hugo.
luca lent a pen to finn.finn thanked luca.
luca lent a ring to sara.the person who received the ring was sara.
luca lent a toy to theo.theo thanked luca.
luca sent a book to ivan.ivan thanked luca.
luca sent a coin to nina.nina thanked luca.
luca sent a pencil to emma.emma thanked luca.
luca wrote to theo.theo answered the letter from luca.
maya called ella.ella answered the call from maya.
maya called finn.finn answered and thanked maya.
maya called mia.mia answered the call from maya.
maya called sara.sara answered the call from maya.
maya gave ava a cup.the person who received the cup was ava.
maya gave hugo a book.the person who received the book was hugo.
maya gave lily a card.the person who gave the card was maya.
maya gave luca a lamp.luca thanked maya.
maya gave nora a toy.nora thanked maya.
maya gave sara a pencil.sara thanked maya.
maya handed a bag to noah.noah thanked maya.
maya handed a bag to rosa.rosa thanked maya.
maya handed a ball to eli.eli thanked maya.
maya handed a ball to theo.the person who received the ball was theo.
maya handed a book to emma.emma thanked maya.
maya handed a coat to ella.the person who received the coat was ella.
maya handed a cup to nina.nina thanked maya.
maya handed a lamp to zoe.the person who received the lamp was zoe.
maya lent a coin to finn.the person who received the coin was finn.
maya lent a hat to ivan.the person who received the hat was ivan.
maya lent a pencil to omar.the person who received the pencil was omar.
maya phoned luca.luca answered the call from maya.
maya phoned rosa.rosa answered the call from maya.
maya sent a key to leo.leo thanked maya.
maya sent a letter to mia.mia thanked maya.
mia called nora.nora answered the call from mia.
mia called sara.sara answered the call from mia.
mia gave hugo a coin.the person who received the coin was hugo.
mia gave ivan a key.ivan thanked mia.
mia gave luca a gift.luca thanked mia.
mia gave nina a ring.the person who gave the ring was mia.
mia gave omar a cup.the person who received the cup was omar.
mia gave rosa a map.the person who gave the map was mia.
mia gave sara a map.sara thanked mia.
mia handed a card to lily.the person who received the card was lily.
mia handed a lamp to ella.the person who received the lamp was ella.
mia handed a map to finn.finn thanked mia.
mia handed a map to noah.the person who received the map was noah.
mia handed a pencil to theo.the person who received the pencil was theo.
mia handed a toy to emma.emma thanked mia.
mia lent a bag to maya.the person who received the bag was maya.
mia lent a coat to ava.the person who received the coat was ava.
mia lent a coin to nora.nora thanked mia.
mia lent a pen to zoe.zoe thanked mia.
mia phoned eli.eli answered the call from mia.
mia phoned ella.ella answered the call from mia.
mia sent a gift to eli.eli thanked mia.
mia sent a toy to leo.leo thanked mia.
mia wrote to emma.emma answered the letter from mia.
mia wrote to theo.theo answered the letter from mia.
nina called eli.eli answered the call from nina.
nina called lily.lily answered and thanked nina.
nina called luca.luca answered and thanked nina.
nina called nora.nora answered the call from nina.
nina called zoe.zoe answered the call from nina.
nina gave eli a coin.the person who gave the coin was nina.
nina gave finn a map.the person who gave the map was nina.
nina gave ivan a map.ivan thanked nina.
nina gave lily a card.the person who received the card was lily.
nina gave luca a book.luca thanked nina.
nina gave maya a gift.the person who received the gift was maya.
nina gave noah a gift.the person who gave the gift was nina.
nina gave omar a pen.omar thanked nina.
nina gave rosa a gift.the person who gave the gift was nina.
nina gave zoe a ball.the person who received the ball was zoe.
nina handed a note to theo.the person who received the note was theo.
nina handed a phone to ava.ava thanked nina.
nina lent a ball to ella.ella thanked nina.
nina lent a ball to nora.nora thanked nina.
nina lent a card to sara.sara thanked nina.
nina lent a letter to emma.the person who received the letter was emma.
nina phoned hugo.hugo answered the call from nina.
nina phoned omar.omar answered the call from nina.
nina sent a hat to hugo.hugo thanked nina.
nina sent a hat to mia.mia thanked nina.
nina sent a toy to leo.leo thanked nina.
nina wrote to ava.ava answered the letter from nina.
nina wrote to finn.finn answered the letter from nina.
noah called eli.eli picked up the call from noah.
noah called maya.maya picked up the call from noah.
noah called nora.nora picked up the call from noah.
noah called sara.sara answered and thanked noah.
noah gave ava a coat.the person who gave the coat was noah.
noah gave emma a brush.the person who received the brush was emma.
noah gave hugo a lamp.the person who gave the lamp was noah.
noah gave lily a letter.the person who received the letter was lily.
noah gave maya a card.maya thanked noah.
noah gave rosa a gift.the person who gave the gift was noah.
noah gave sara a coat.the person who gave the coat was noah.
noah gave theo a note.theo thanked noah.
noah handed a book to nora.nora thanked noah.
noah handed a cup to luca.the person who received the cup was luca.
noah handed a gift to nina.the person who received the gift was nina.
noah handed a note to leo.the person who received the note was leo.
noah handed a toy to eli.the person who received the toy was eli.
noah lent a coat to ella.the person who received the coat was ella.
noah lent a hat to omar.the person who received the hat was omar.
noah lent a letter to zoe.the person who received the letter was zoe.
noah lent a map to mia.the person who received the map was mia.
noah lent a pen to finn.the person who received the pen was finn.
noah phoned ella.ella answered the call from noah.
noah phoned leo.leo answered the call from noah.
noah sent a toy to ivan.ivan thanked noah.
nora called omar.omar picked up the call from nora.
nora called rosa.rosa answered and thanked nora.
nora gave ava a toy.the person who gave the toy was nora.
nora gave luca a book.luca thanked nora.
nora gave nina a toy.the person who gave the toy was nora.
nora gave rosa a letter.the person who received the letter was rosa.
nora gave zoe a book.the person who gave the book was nora.
nora handed a bag to eli.eli thanked nora.
nora handed a book to maya.the person who received the book was maya.
nora handed a coin to lily.lily thanked nora.
nora handed a gift to leo.the person who received the gift was leo.
nora handed a pencil to finn.finn thanked nora.
nora handed a pencil to noah.noah thanked nora.
nora handed a pencil to theo.theo thanked nora.
nora handed a phone to ivan.the person who received the phone was ivan.
nora handed a ring to omar.the person who received the ring was omar.
nora lent a bag to mia.mia thanked nora.
nora lent a card to ella.ella thanked nora.
nora sent a brush to sara.sara thanked nora.
nora sent a lamp to hugo.hugo thanked nora.
nora sent a phone to emma.emma thanked nora.
nora wrote to ivan.ivan answered the letter from nora.
nora wrote to luca.luca answered the letter from nora.
omar called emma.emma answered the call from omar.
omar called finn.finn picked up the call from omar.
omar called hugo.hugo answered and thanked omar.
omar called noah.noah picked up the call from omar.
omar called zoe.zoe answered the call from omar.
omar gave eli a bag.eli thanked omar.
omar gave ella a pen.the person who gave the pen was omar.
omar gave finn a letter.finn thanked omar.
omar gave maya a coin.the person who gave the coin was omar.
omar gave mia a lamp.the person who gave the lamp was omar.
omar gave nora a toy.nora thanked omar.
omar gave zoe a card.the person who received the card was zoe.
omar handed a brush to ava.the person who received the brush was ava.
omar handed a coin to leo.the person who received the coin was leo.
omar handed a lamp to nina.nina thanked omar.
omar handed a map to theo.theo thanked omar.
omar handed a pen to noah.the person who received the pen was noah.
omar handed a pencil to rosa.rosa thanked omar.
omar handed a phone to ivan.ivan thanked omar.
omar handed a toy to luca.luca thanked omar.
omar lent a ball to emma.emma thanked omar.
omar lent a card to lily.the person who received the card was lily.
omar phoned ava.ava answered the call from omar.
omar phoned leo.leo answered the call from omar.
omar phoned mia.mia answered the call from omar.
omar sent a card to hugo.hugo thanked omar.
omar sent a letter to sara.sara thanked omar.
omar wrote to sara.sara answered the letter from omar.
rosa called ava.ava answered the call from rosa.
rosa called hugo.hugo answered the call from rosa.
rosa called noah.noah answered the call from rosa.
rosa called zoe.zoe answered the call from rosa.
rosa gave ava a book.ava thanked rosa.
rosa gave finn a toy.the person who gave the toy was rosa.
rosa gave hugo a coat.the person who gave the coat was rosa.
rosa gave luca a toy.luca thanked rosa.
rosa gave maya a brush.the person who received the brush was maya.
rosa gave noah a pen.noah thanked rosa.
rosa gave nora a map.the person who received the map was nora.
rosa gave sara a ball.the person who received the ball was sara.
rosa gave theo a pen.the person who gave the pen was rosa.
rosa gave zoe a ring.the person who gave the ring was rosa.
rosa handed a coat to leo.leo thanked rosa.
rosa handed a coat to nina.the person who received the coat was nina.
rosa handed a letter to eli.eli thanked rosa.
rosa lent a book to omar.the person who received the book was omar.
rosa lent a key to mia.mia thanked rosa.
rosa lent a note to emma.the person who received the note was emma.
rosa lent a pen to lily.the person who received the pen was lily.
rosa lent a pencil to ivan.the person who received the pencil was ivan.
rosa phoned nora.nora answered the call from rosa.
rosa sent a map to ella.ella thanked rosa.
rosa wrote to ella.ella answered the letter from rosa.
rosa wrote to ivan.ivan answered the letter from rosa.
rosa wrote to lily.lily answered the letter from rosa.
rosa wrote to nina.nina answered the letter from rosa.
rosa wrote to sara.sara answered the letter from rosa.
sara called ava.ava answered and thanked sara.
sara called ivan.ivan picked up the call from sara.
sara called lily.lily answered and thanked sara.
sara called luca.luca answered the call from sara.
sara called maya.maya answered and thanked sara.
sara called noah.noah answered the call from sara.
sara gave ava a coin.the person who received the coin was ava.
sara gave eli a pencil.the person who received the pencil was eli.
sara gave ella a letter.ella thanked sara.
sara gave emma a note.the person who gave the note was sara.
sara gave lily a gift.lily thanked sara.
sara gave mia a key.mia thanked sara.
sara gave nina a coin.the person who gave the coin was sara.
sara gave noah a coin.noah thanked sara.
sara gave nora a bag.the person who received the bag was nora.
sara handed a brush to luca.the person who received the brush was luca.
sara handed a key to ivan.the person who received the key was ivan.
sara handed a lamp to maya.the person who received the lamp was maya.
sara handed a phone to omar.the person who received the phone was omar.
sara handed a phone to zoe.the person who received the phone was zoe.
sara lent a book to leo.the person who received the book was leo.
sara lent a coin to theo.the person who received the coin was theo.
sara lent a note to hugo.the person who received the note was hugo.
sara sent a brush to rosa.rosa thanked sara.
sara sent a lamp to finn.finn thanked sara.
sara wrote to emma.emma answered the letter from sara.
theo called hugo.hugo picked up the call from theo.
theo called luca.luca answered and thanked theo.
theo called mia.mia answered the call from theo.
theo called noah.noah answered the call from theo.
theo called sara.sara picked up the call from theo.
theo gave ella a lamp.the person who gave the lamp was theo.
theo gave emma a coin.emma thanked theo.
theo gave finn a toy.the person who gave the toy was theo.
theo gave luca a ball.the person who received the ball was luca.
theo gave omar a card.the person who received the card was omar.
theo gave sara a bag.the person who gave the bag was theo.
theo gave zoe a hat.zoe thanked theo.
theo handed a cup to nina.the person who received the cup was nina.
theo handed a lamp to mia.mia thanked theo.
theo handed a note to eli.the person who received the note was eli.
theo lent a book to lily.the person who received the book was lily.
theo lent a gift to maya.maya thanked theo.
theo lent a key to noah.the person who received the key was noah.
theo lent a lamp to hugo.hugo thanked theo.
theo lent a map to ivan.the person who received the map was ivan.
theo lent a pencil to ava.ava thanked theo.
theo lent a toy to nora.nora thanked theo.
theo phoned ella.ella answered the call from theo.
theo phoned leo.leo answered the call from theo.
theo phoned maya.maya answered the call from theo.
theo sent a hat to leo.leo thanked theo.
theo sent a hat to rosa.rosa thanked theo.
theo wrote to finn.finn answered the letter from theo.
zoe called eli.eli picked up the call from zoe.
zoe called ella.ella picked up the call from zoe.
zoe gave eli a ball.the person who gave the ball was zoe.
zoe gave finn a hat.the person who gave the hat was zoe.
zoe gave ivan a brush.ivan thanked zoe.
zoe gave lily a letter.the person who gave the letter was zoe.
zoe gave mia a lamp.the person who gave the lamp was zoe.
zoe gave rosa a book.the person who received the book was rosa.
zoe handed a card to leo.the person who received the card was leo.
zoe handed a card to nora.nora thanked zoe.
zoe handed a hat to hugo.hugo thanked zoe.
zoe handed a map to ella.the person who received the map was ella.
zoe handed a note to ava.the person who received the note was ava.
zoe handed a note to nina.nina thanked zoe.
zoe handed a pen to emma.emma thanked zoe.
zoe handed a pencil to noah.noah thanked zoe.
zoe lent a pencil to sara.sara thanked zoe.
zoe lent a ring to omar.the person who received the ring was omar.
zoe sent a card to theo.theo thanked zoe.
zoe sent a lamp to maya.maya thanked zoe.
zoe sent a toy to luca.luca thanked zoe.
zoe wrote to hugo.hugo answered the letter from zoe.
